.TH MGL2 1 "November 2014"
.SH NAME
.PP
mgl2 \- an interactive interface to the My Game Library database
.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
.B mgl2 \-\-db 
.I DBPATH 
.B [ --help | --usage ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP 
.B mgl2
is an interactive program that queries the database, displays results, and runs
games. The possible commands are:
.TP
.B exit, quit, x, q
.br
quit the program. Sending EOF should also work.
.TP
.B unselect, undo, u
.br
reset the current selection. The default selection is the whole database.
.TP
.B reload, r
.br
reload the database. Current selection will be reset.
.TP
.B help, h
.br
display a short help message.
.TP
.B edit, e index
.br
quickly edit the game entry with the given index and reload the database.
The EDITOR environment variable is honored. The default editor is vi.
.TP
.B empty string
.br
display the current selection.
.TP
.B any natural number in range [1 ... max. index]
.br
start the game with this index in the current selection.
.TP
.B any other string
.br
is split in two parts by the first ": " (colon-space) sequence. The left part
is considered to be tag, and the right is considered to be its value. If the
tag is missing (i.e. there are no colon-space in the input), then the "Title"
will be assumed. Then every game in the current selection that satisfies the
given criteria, form the new selection. Note that tags are case-sensitive
while values are not (in fact, you can specify a Perl regexp as a value). If
there are no games in the new selection, it is discarded. If there is only one
game in the new selection, then the game is started and the new selection is
discarded. If there are more than one game in the selection, then the new 
selection becomes the current selection and is displayed immediately.
.SH OPTIONS
.PP
.TP
.B \-\-db
.br
path to a database.
.TP
.B \-\-help, \-\-usage
.br
print the short usage information.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.PP
.TP
.B PS2
used as a command prompt. If this variable is not defined, the default "> "
will be used.
.TP
.B EDITOR
the editor to use for the "edit" command. If this variable is not defined,
the default "vi" will be used.
.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
.BR gen-desktop (1),
.BR mgl2-x (1),
.BR mgl2.db (5)
.SH AUTHORS
.PP
Nikita Pichugin <pichuginn@gmail.com>
